2. API Reference
===

2.1. Introduction
---

docgenerator provides two methods:

- `set`: sets a value to a property.
- `generate`: generates the documentation with the properties.

Basically, you need to provide docgenerator enough properties
for it to generate your documentation.

This is a typical example of what a generator should look like:

    var generator = require( 'docgenerator' ),
        fs = require( 'fs' ),
        path = require( 'path' );

    // Get the files in the folder "original"
    var files = fs.readdirSync( path.join( 'original' ) );

    // Filter out to get only the markdown files
    files = files
        .filter( function( file ) {
            return file.substr( -3 ) === '.md';
        })
        // We need to map the file path though
        .map( function( file ) {
            return path.join( 'original', file );
        })
        // And sort them so that they're added in a good order
        .sort();

    // Now that we have the files, we can set the options
    // and generate the documentation.
    generator
        .set( 'option', 'value' )
        // The "files" options expects an array of files.
        // Good! We just built this array before :-)
        .set( 'files', files )

        // Run!
        .generate();

2.2. Options
---

Here is the list of options supported and their type expected:

- `files`: Array expected. These are the original markdown files to be converted.
- `output`: String expected. This is the HTML file to generate.
- `table`: Boolean expected. Enables the [table extension][1] of markdown_py.
- `theme`: String expected. Chooses the theme to use for the generated documentation.
- `title`: String expected. Sets the title of the documentation.
- `toc`: Boolean expected. Enables the creation of a table of contents.

   [1]: http://freewisdom.org/projects/python-markdown/Tables

